README.md, before:

# Fallhacks 2023

Are you ready to turn over a new leaf in your life and embark on a journey of personal growth and achievement? Look no further than 'Leaf to Success.' Our website is your personal companion for setting, tracking, and achieving your life's goals. With 'Leaf to Success,' you can effortlessly document your aspirations, monitor your progress, and draw inspiration from amazing quotes. It's time to transform your dreams into reality, and 'Leaf to Success' is here to guide you every step of the way. Start your journey to personal growth today and watch your life flourish like never before. Join 'Leaf to Success' and become the best version of yourself!

## File Structure

```
- root
   - dashboard.html
   - goatsetting.js
   - package.json
   - package-lock.json
   - progressTracker.css
   - progressTracker.js
   - motivationQuotes.js
   - index.html
   - webpack.config.js
   - README.md
   - images/               # Images used in the project
   - src/               # Source files (js and css files)
   - node_modules/         # NPM packages and dependencies
```

## Steps to run

1. Clone the repository into your local machine using `git clone <repository-url>`.
2. `cd fallhacks`.
3. Type `npm install` to install the Node dependencies.
4. Run `npm run dev` to start the development server.

## Team Members

-   Mekdim Dereje
-   Mantaj Dhillon
-   Maxwell Zhang
-   Avni Kapoor
-   Yu Wu

## Acknowledgements and APIs

-   API for quotes : [for Quotes](https://api.quotable.io/random)
-   Bootstrap 5.3.2
-   GPT-3.5

## Link to Github project repository

[Github Repository Link](https://github.com/CakeWasTaken/fallhacks.git)

## Video Tutorial

_[Video tutorial link will be updated soon]_

## Zip File

-   Added to Devpost

Commit message:

Update README.md with video link and minor edits

README.md, after:

# Leaf to Success: Fallhacks 2023

Are you ready to turn over a new leaf in your life and embark on a journey of personal growth and achievement? Look no further than **Leaf to Success**. Our website is your personal companion for setting, tracking, and achieving your life's goals.

With **Leaf to Success**, you can effortlessly document your aspirations, monitor your progress, and draw inspiration from amazing quotes. It's time to transform your dreams into reality, and **Leaf to Success** is here to guide you every step of the way. Start your journey to personal growth today and watch your life flourish like never before. Join **Leaf to Success** and become the best version of yourself!

![Leaf to Success - Home page](https://github.com/CakeWasTaken/fallhacks/assets/96852675/764cc81e-778d-41ed-9d2a-7e688abc83a3)

## File Structure

```text
- root
   - dashboard.html
   - goatsetting.js
   - package.json
   - package-lock.json
   - progressTracker.css
   - progressTracker.js
   - motivationQuotes.js
   - index.html
   - webpack.config.js
   - README.md
   - images/             # Images used in the project
   - src/                # Source files (js and css files)
   - node_modules/       # NPM packages and dependencies
```

## Steps to run

1. Install Node.js and npm on your machine. You can download the latest version of Node.js [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).
2. Clone the repository into your local machine using `git clone <repository-url>`.
3. `cd fallhacks`.
4. Type `npm install` to install the Node dependencies.
5. Run `npm run dev` to start the development server.

## Team Members

- Mekdim Dereje
- Mantaj Dhillon
- Avni Kapoor
- Yu Wu
- Maxwell Zhang

## Acknowledgements and APIs

- API for quotes can be found [here](https://api.quotable.io/random)
- Bootstrap 5.3.2
- GPT-3.5

## Link to Github project repository

[Github Repository Link](https://github.com/CakeWasTaken/fallhacks.git)

## Video Tutorial

[YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDXr0MzbqSI)

## Zip File

- Added zip file to [Devpost](https://devpost.com/software/leaf-to-success)
